docs: add two small vignettes (#51)
ropensci-training/saperlipopette: vignettes/articles/teaching.Rmd

In practice here's how we teach with saperlipopette:

## Preparation instructions

We prepare installation instructions before the workshop, including Git and saperlipopette. In theory, saperlipopette is used to teach Git to people who already use it so they probably have some sort of Git set up.

## Curriculum

We choose the focus of the session, for instance fixing common mistakes, and pick relevant exercises.

In particular, we've taught

- [how to improve one's Git history](https://masalmon.eu/talks/2025-11-24-git-history/);
- [how to fix common Git mistakes](https://masalmon.eu/talks/2026-03-19-oops-git/)

but you could focus on any topic, small or large.
You can re-use (even better if you acknowledge our work) our materials, mix and match them.

We order and group those exercises. For instance fixing the latest commit's message or content are two very similar exercises.

## During the workshop

During the workshop, a bit of context is explained in each part but the focus is on demonstrating each exercise or each pair/group of exercises then letting participants solve the exercises on their own. 

> We strongly believe hands-on sessions are key to learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We know hands-on sessions are key to learning.
```

Reviewer: More than belief, evidence shows that guided practice is effective for learning.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the hands-on finished we discuss the exercises together and solve any questions in group.
```
